skate people here is your chance timo
Frey and I present you space
Number 6 of the trend and Mr. Minecraft
challenge a lot of fun
platzeck's kita chaotic space lord
you can almost say he was
one of the few that the panorama so
have used violently and what friday
also ours has in terms of friday
He definitely kicked the cake off
He really has the best sports doctor
delivered and is thus even up
Sixth come up this
Detailed this rich detail
this sport of his kind of sport
The boss fights should be overwhelming
be warmly predominantly candle wayne
the model
Here you can really see the
detail wealth of everything in the
background again with glos town
misplaced so that comes across really well
and alone for the panorama
sole blame for the very first
get in and have this posse foil
absolute hammer and this structure has
then definitely what stays then gives us
given the rest
a complete picture of the death from area
Of souls should not be mistaken
have been
inn friday it looks so damn horny
out of that is really wyss place 6 with us
came from the dispute ac aa
our top-speed and as I said even
times extra pluses because of this
excellent panorama that gets so real
the biggest pluses for and because of that
has now managed to get to 6th place
because then again from there the material
on even right as I realized oh
you can even enter and
it just looks wonderful is a
common theme and in the overall package sees
just good
Therefore, the decision fell to us
what the spreads are not very special
heavy
He has kept to a theme that
very detailed what again detailed
but now has the eyes of the bat
he even used with redstone and
just awesome
yes that was place six
the ten days in minecraft challenge
chaotic space lord if you are not
Tomorrow we will miss it
with place 15 days in hamburg challenge
we'll meet again until the next one
times